Make fedbiomed-network conda env optional (#795)
fedbiomed/fedbiomed: docs/tutorials/installation/0-basic-software-installation.md

$ ${FEDBIOMED_DIR}/scripts/configure_conda
```

List the existing conda environments and check the 3 environments `fedbiomed-gui` `fedbiomed-node` `fedbiomed-researcher` were created :

```
$ conda env list
[...]
fedbiomed-network        /home/mylogin/.conda/envs/fedbiomed-gui
fedbiomed-node           /home/mylogin/.conda/envs/fedbiomed-node
fedbiomed-researcher     /home/mylogin/.conda/envs/fedbiomed-researcher
[...]
```

!!! note "Conda environment for Fed-BioMed Network Component"
    The Fed-BioMed network component, which consists of two modules, namely `MQTT` and `Restful`, runs in a Docker container. Although `fedbiomed-network` exists as a conda environment, it is not directly used on the local system where Fed-BioMed is installed. However, it can be used to launch the `restful` module locally instead of using Docker.
    

>     The conda environment can be install with the following command

Author: Hi @sharkovsky,
Thnaks. Your IDE might display as it is rendered as code but it isn't when the docs are built. And there is  indentation because it should be under note: "Conda environment for Fed-BioMed Network Component"

>     The conda environment can be install with the following command

Reviewer: ah shit, sorry I trusted the IDE too much!

    ```
    ${FEDBIOMED_DIR}/scripts/configure_conda network
    ```

!!! note "Conda environment for Fed-BioMed Node GUI"
    Fed-BioMed comes with a user interface that allows data owners (node users) to deploy datasets and manage requested 
    training plans easily. `fedbiomed-gui` environment is not going to be used unless Node GUI launched. If Node GUI is not 
    planned to be used you can install only `fedbiomed-node` and `fedbiomed-researcher` environment. 

> 

Reviewer: The english could be slightly improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    training plans easily. The `fedbiomed-gui` environment is not going to be used unless the Node GUI is launched. 
    If you don't plan on using the GUI, you can install only the `fedbiomed-node` and `fedbiomed-researcher` environments. 

```

Author: Thanks! @sharkovsky
